 Can I go off her and how can I help you? I use my my god Billy Lensford online from spheda south to the right now. The zip code is 29841 and he had an accident in June 2022. And it's a new case regarding auto accidents. So can you take over the call? Um, yes I can. Do you mind just holding on one second so I can get my intake specialist? Sure man. Sure thank you. Okay I'm gonna go ahead and change the moment. Okay. Sure man. Thank you. Good afternoon. This is Joe with the hammock off from how may I help you? Hello? Uh, sorry I got Billy Lensford online from south to the right now. zip code is 29841 and Billy had an accident in June 2022. So can take over the call this in the new case regarding car accident. Yes, his name again. I'm sorry. Thank you. His name is Billy. Billy Lensford. Billy. Hey Billy. How are you? I have no idea. You don't know what your phone number is? I have no idea. Okay. All right. Tell me what you got to go down to the mountain. I'm sorry. I said tell me about your auto accidents. I got run over. Were you on foot? Literally. Oh, so you were a pedestrian? No. I had just bought a branch. I had a new motorcycle. $45,000 motorcycle. And this young bitch coming down the highway decided she wanted to pass all the cars. And a lot of witnesses had to tell me what happened because I had no idea. She didn't stop. She didn't do nothing. She drugged my bike for a hundred yards. Wow. And where did this happen? What's sitting there? I could have got her when the police got there. If the police hadn't grabbed me, I was going killer. Wow. Was she drunk? I have no idea. I never met her. Never even saw her. The people in the cars that were witnesses said that she was this and she was doing that. I don't know. I never saw her. Okay. I mean, I looked at my review mirror because I heard tires squealing and wow. She nailed me. She so she where ended you? She run over me. My motorcycle is underneath her SUV. Okay. And this is not a small motor side. Sure. Okay. So tell me about what city state did this happen? North Augusta, South Carolina. Okay. I was about three miles from my house. This was June. What was the day of the accident? Do you remember I have June of 2022? But can you give me the exact date? I have no idea. I have no idea. I'm sure somewhere one of these boxes. Well, I'm sure one of these boxes. I probably got all that. No, I don't know. Okay. In order for us to be able to help you, we're going to have to get that police report. So it is that identifies the person who hit you. And it also identifies their insurance coverage that they had regarding the accident. So if at all possible. They're insurance. I remember that. Okay. And I'll have some same as I had. Okay. Which is what? Which is your? Who's the insurance carrier? I believe it was guy. Okay. And which hospital were you transported to? Ake in community? Okay. And what did they say your injuries were? I had pulled muscles and bad bruising. Okay. So you avoided having to have any surgery? Yeah. No surgery. They run an MRI on my head because they said it was brain swelling. Okay. I don't know. I couldn't think straight. I do know that I was having a hard time. Sure. But it didn't. Didn't you get me sure I'm here? Hey, man. Did you have to get any follow up treatment after your initial ER visit? I was supposed to, but I couldn't. Okay. I go out of my truck and got in my truck. I couldn't drive my truck. Oh, oh, so you didn't you didn't have like a wife or a friend to take you to the hospital? No. I'm by myself. I'm out. Everybody's gone. My kids are married and took off. They call me. Right. That's right. My wife passed away in 2005. I'm sorry to hear that, sir. Do you know what your medical bills were from this auto accident? No, I sure don't. They haven't sent you any bills. Do you have health insurance? I think I think it went against my automobile insurance guy. So I think I don't know all I know is I never got a bill. At the time of the accident, did you have health insurance? No. There's you had no health insurance. Have you ever had a lawyer help you with this claim before? Not that I'm aware of. Did you ever receive any money from your auto insurance from an auto insurance care from Geico? That I'm not sure about. My daughter said I had a thousand dollars. And I can't remember whether that was for this or that. And she tells me she doesn't remember. So there are a lot of things here. So let me see. The only way you may possibly be able to have a claims is if we were to try to retrieve the accident report. And we would need the exact date of the accident. We would need to get your driver's license number, your social security number, and your date of birth. In certain information into the South Carolina Department of Motor Vehicles. unless you have the accident report, that's the only way that you and someone would be able to help you. Because right now, you just don't know enough information in order for us to be able to adequately get the information that we need to process a claim. If you had the accident report, we could identify the name of the driver, the insurance information, and the policy information for that driver. Do you know if that woman was marked fault for the accident? Yes. Yes, yes, she was or yes, you know. Yes, she was listed as called. She still had no motorcycle under her power. 100 yards down the road. Right. So yes, sir. If you could, if you were able to retrieve that accident report for us, we'd be able to process a claim for you immediately. But without the information that I just took away. Take me a while to find that I know I've got it here in boxes, because I don't throw away the paper. But this or it we need to do. We need to discuss about that social security number. Well, what do we need to discuss exactly? What is your hesitation about that? It's no hesitation. It's a definite stop. Okay. You got to have social security number. We're done. Well, and the reason why we have to have social security number is because for two reasons. Number one, we want to, you know, we would need to be able to have access to your medical records. We would have to. That's what we would need in order to get your records from the hospitals. And from the highway patrol, we would need to have your social security number. Because your, your name is Billy Landford. It could be three or four Billy Landfords. Um, that hospital. There is. There are the years. So that's why there's actually a love in the CSR. Okay. So, so that's the case. The only way to differentiate which Billy Landford. We would request records for is three or social security number in your data bar. So that would be the first reason we would need your social security number. The second reason we would need your social security number is after the case is resolved. And we ended up settling. We would need to distribute. We would need to to cut you a check. For for your payment suffering. And so in order to do that, we would need your social security number in data bar. It's required of all clients. Well, actually, it's not required to get medical records. But hey, don't worry about it. You're saying we have to do it. It's a cut off. I don't want to hear another fucking word from you. The US government who I work for tell me that social security number doesn't go anywhere. Okay, sir. We're good luck to you. Have a good day. Early go.