 That's the couple seconds and we have someone here. Thank you for calling Morgan and Morgan. This is Matthew speaking on a recorded line. Would I have a pleasure speaking with? All right. I have a girl from the line and she was involved in an auto accident. She's looking for legal compensation, legal representation. I'll let you get, take the call from here. Okay. Okay. Thank you so much. Okay. Hi. This is Matthew from Morgan and Morgan on a recorded line. Would I have a pleasure speaking with? Brooks Adams. Hi, Miss Adams. Just give me one moment to just like and put your information in and then we can see if we can move forward. Okay. So I just had call just tell me that you were involved in an incident. Yes. You said yes. Yes. Yes. And are you injured? Brook? No, I was. You were injured? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. And are you injured? Brook? No. I was. You were injured? Yes. Okay. Let me see. So what I'm going to do is since you were injured, I'm going to take your first and last name can just going to get some basic contact and demographic information. Just so I can make sure that I have everything accurate. Make sure I have the best phone number to contact you back at. So I'm going to make sure that I have a correct date of birth so we can move forward. Okay. Brook? Okay. All right. Brook, if you don't mind, I'm going to spell out your first and last name for me. Do you mind just come from me for me, please? Yes. I have Brook BROOK E or would you do you spell it a different way? No, that's right. And then Adams ADD. Okay. Okay. Give me one moment, Brook. Okay. All right, Brook. Thank you so much for being so patient. I just want to confirm that I have the phone number here as 205 9901456. It's just the best phone number to contact you back at. Yes. All right. And could you provide me with your date of birth, please? That's 1597. Yes. And Brook, is this going to be the first time that you called us regarding this case or is this going to be a new case? Yes. First time. It's going to be the first time. Okay. Let's see what we can do. So you're saying you were injured. How were you injured with this car accident? Which is a slip and fall? Um, I'm not sure. Did you hurt yourself somewhere? What's going on? Give me a little bit information. It was an auto accident, but it was involved with the train. It was. Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that. You were you on the train or were you in the car in the train hit you? Give me a little bit information, Brook. I was in the car and the train here on the passenger side. I was sitting on. So sorry to hear that. Brook, I can't even imagine what you're going to right now. We're do driving the car. Where do the passenger? I was a passenger. You were the passenger in this hit your side. Okay. I just want to make sure. I'm so sorry to hear that. Look, I can't even imagine what you're going through. I can see that it's definitely a rough space to touch up on. If you feel comfortable, I'm going to gather some information. I'm going to ask you a couple questions so we can move forward. Okay. Give me one moment there with me. Okay. So, Brook, I'm just going to place you on a brief hold. I'm just going to gather some information and make sure that I'm going to be putting you in the correct area. So you don't want to have to repeat yourself or any information. Okay. Okay. Thank you, Brook. Give me one moment. Thank you. I'm going to show you your patient. I'm John Morgan. Over 30 years ago, Morgan and Morgan started with just two lawyers. But our mission started years before that. When I was younger, my brother Tim was paralyzed and my family ended up hiring the wrong lawyer. And to add insult to injury, they fought him very hard. We got to see firsthand the consequences of having a life changing injury when you're poor and when you hired a terrible lawyer. Tim got really beat up and I became outraged. And I decided then and there that I would only ever do this type of work and represent the people. I don't have any idea about Morgan Morgan. I'm personally firm in the world here to serve you wherever you are, whatever you need. With an army of amazing food, about two thousand of caring support staff, unrivaled technology, investigation, experts across the country. We are everywhere. We're all from everyone. Morgan and Morgan is not only America's largest injury law firm, but we're also very much a local law firm with branch offices right here in your community. We're everywhere you need. Whether you or someone you love was injured in a car crash, the victim of medical malpractice had a child born with a devastating birth injury, denied social security benefits, had your home or business insurance claims, denied, fell in a public or private space, or even injured on the job. Our attorneys are here for you. Millions of people just like you call us every year for help when they need it the most. And we've recovered billions of dollars. We have billions, billions and billions of dollars for our clients. We have the resources. We have the resources. We have the resources to take on the biggest bullies. Some people think our law firm only takes on the biggest case. With the most serious injuries. The truth is, many of our cases involve car crashes, slip and falls and work injuries. But here's the thing. What makes us different is that we don't actually believe those cases are small. Even a low-speed crash. We just don't want to take any of this. What? Hello! I love you. I love you. Visit forthepeople.com for a free copy of our latest Vertix magazine to see what cases like yours could be worth. When I see clients in our office, I see my brother too. And I don't want them to ever have that kind of representation that we had. I want them to have their best chance of winning and the best chance to put their life back together the best way they can. For me, the people and the families we've represented at their time of need has made a difference in my life as we've tried to make a difference in theirs. With more than two million people just like you who called us last year, we were able to recover over $1 billion. For Holdemist Adams, my name is Abortion Morgan and I am more than your column regarding an auto-assumet. Yes. Understood. And, ma'am, I am the society here that you're currently going through this at this time. So regarding this map, I'm going to ask you to take a look at the map. So regarding this matter, have you called before or is it for some calling? My first time. Okay. So what we can do, we can definitely proceed with a consultation to see if there's something that we're able to assist with. I will be gathering some basic contact and verification information from you. Then I'm going to ask you some question about the case to see if there's something that we're able to assist with. Is that okay? Yes. Okay. Have you been able to first of all say miss Brooke, last of miss Adam? I'm going to finitically verify your information. How does B is in boy R O O K E? She'll ask him is A, D, S, and Delta, A, and Miss Mary S? So verification purposes, what is your data? Yes. 759-7. And that is October 15th of 1997 is your data birth? Yes. Where are we? I have to do a lot of 58, not to say that. So 751-5-1997. Yes. I think it's with disconnected. I have your contact phone number 205-990-1456. Yes. And then at this time, do you have an additional alternate contact phone number for yourself? I have one. Do you have an additional alternate contact phone number for yourself? No. We do communicate via email. But what is the best email for you? I have an email. Yes, ma'am. What is your email address? It's R. And A, N, D, D, R, 1313. After A and D, what word are you stating? After what? I'm your email address is B, R, O, K, E, the word N, A, N, D. What did you say after A and D as far as the word? Derek. I'm so sorry. I'm having a hard time understanding you. Derek, D, E, R, E, K, okay. At what.com? At Gmail. I'm just going to say my email address is B, R, O, K, E, and then A, N, D, E, R, E, K, 3133 at gmo.com. Okay, that again. Oh, your email address is B, R, O, K, E, and then A, N, D, as in delta, E, R, E, K, 3133 at gmo.com. You do get D, E, R, E, K? Yes. Okay, yeah. At gmo.com. What day did the incident occur? What city? Jemisin? Answer our what was the city? Jemisin. Can I say? Jemisin, J, E, M, R, S, O, E. What happened? I was at where we're going over the road. I changed. And then I was told that she was at your friend? Was that your sister? No, just a friend? What street were you all on at this time? That's great. Do you why street? Yes. Do you, it's tape? So just wanted to clarify what happened. So your friend was driving over the rain road track. You said when a train hit you all. Yes. And, ma'am, are you okay? I mean, I am now. I wasn't. And, ma'am, I am so sorry to hear that you're currently going through this at this time. I can only imagine what all you have been going through to this occurred. I am so sorry. I do want to wish for to recover for you. There'd be a moment while I do go ahead and put this information. You may hear a brief moment of silence. Thank you. You were the son passenger of the vehicle at the time of the auto accident? Yes. Okay. And then the MVP moment while I do go ahead and put this information. You may hear a brief moment of silence. Thank you. And then in regards to your injuries, what were your injuries that were sustained? I had two broken ribs. I had two broken bones in my left hand. I had two broken bones in my left hand. I am so sorry to hear about this. So if I needed two broken bones, I'm sorry regarding your two broken ribs on what side? On the... My broken ribs, they were on the left side of the rock bottom. They were on the right side. The rock bottom. They were on the left side. The broken bone was on my left side and I couldn't tell you which low, what side is on left low. Okay. We have to check whether it is on left or left. We have to check whether it is on left or left. What was your product Moses by a doctor regarding the recovery? What was my wound? I said I had to be airlifted and I went into an emergency surgery. So after the surgery did you have to be on oxygen? Yes, I had two different surgeries. One for my lung and then one for my hand. So after the surgery did you have to be on oxygen? I had to go back every once in a while. I was going to check up. I guess you could say I would say what? Okay, understood. And then there were any other injuries sustained besides the ones that we just spoke about? Nope. That was all those injuries was only. Yes, ma'am. So I just want to confirm your injuries once more. You mentioned your right lung was to flee it which required two surgeries. You had two broken ribs on the right side, two broken bones on your left hand which required surgery. Is that correct? Okay, no. I had my lung deflated on my right side. I had the two broken ribs on my left side. Okay, understood. I think your left hand had the two broken bones. Yes. And that was the other surgery that I had. I had one surgery on my lung and then the surgery on my hand. Okay, understood, ma'am. And ma'am, who was found there if all for the auto accident? Do you know the driver's your vehicle? Is that all? Do you know if the driver's your vehicle was there if all? I would say yes. So I don't think she was necessarily paying attention but I don't exactly know because I can't hardly remember exactly what exactly happened. So. So after it hit, I blacked out. So. Okay, so you did lose conscious for how long? I came to the next day. Okay, for over 24 hours. Yeah. Okay. So 30. Let's talk here about this, ma'am. And then ma'am regarding this matter, are you currently what you previously represented by an attorney? No. Have you accepted any settlement offers specifically for your injuries including any uninsured or underinsured motor supplements? Yes. You said yes. No. No. Okay. The vehicle you were in, did the air bath deploy? Yes. All of them is. Thank you. And then the driver of your vehicle, I'm you mentioned, the air bath. Correct. Whether any other additional passengers in the vehicle that was injured, you had to seek your legal representation for Morgan and Morgan. Well, there was other passengers injured, but with it, I don't know about the other part with like Morgan and Morgan, I don't know. But there was other passengers that were injured. Okay. Thank you. And then you were on the clock at the time of the auto accident, were you? Well, that was. Where you on the clock when this auto accident occurred? Yes. Okay. The vehicle you were in, was it the Tesla? The vehicle you were in, was it the Tesla? Oh. I think, I think so. Was that close? She was driving. We'll be back. I think the Tesla, I think so. No. Pass under? A motto. Was it the leaf star or a motto? I'm then did the car explode or did it result in any tire explosion? Not that I know of. And then where you throw from the vehicle at this time, when the auto accident occurred? Yeah. What was the vehicle? A where you threw from the vehicle when the auto accident occurred? I was on the passenger side. Were I ever confirmed if you were thrown from the vehicle? No. But another passenger was. Understood. And then do you sure the same policy is to drive where the vehicle of your friend? Do I show what? Do you sure the same insurance policy is your friend? I don't have a jet. Ma'am, I'm willing to just confirm some information. Do you mind if I put you in a brief hold? Yes. One moment please. Thank you. I'm John Morgan. Over 30 years ago, Morgan and Morgan started with the two lawyers. But our mission started years before that. When I was younger, my brother Tim was paralyzed and my family ended up hiring the wrong lawyer. And to add insult to injury. It was very hard. We got to see firsthand the consequences of having a life-changing injury when you're poor and when you hire a terrible lawyer. I can tell you. I really beat up and I became outraged. And I decided then and there that I would only ever do this type of work and represent the people. Morgan and Morgan are the largest personal injury firm in the world. Here it is. Wherever you are, whatever you need. With an army of over 800 attorneys, thousands of caring support staff, unrivaled technology, investigators, and experts across the country, we are everywhere for everyone. Morgan and Morgan is not only America's largest injury law firm, but we're also very much a local law firm with branch offices right here in your community. Wherever you are, whatever you need. Whether you or someone you love was injured in a car crash, the victim of medical malpractice had a child born with a devastating birth injury, denied social security benefits, had your home or business insurance leaves, denied, fell in a public or private space, or even injured on the job. Our attorneys are here for you. Millions of people just like you call us every year for help when they need it the most. And we've recovered building millions and billions and billions of dollars for our clients. We have the resources, reach, and reputation to take on the biggest bullies to get you the biggest results. Some people think our law firm only takes on the biggest cases with the most serious injuries. The truth is, many of our cases involve car crashes, slip and pull, and work in it. Here's the thing. What makes us different is that we don't actually believe those cases are small. Even a low-speed crash. We've never backed down from going up against the biggest insurance companies and powerful corporations who sold harmful and dangerous products or medications to our clients and large institutions. Our trial ready lawyers have a track record of getting results our clients deserve. Our goal when representing a client is getting the most they can possibly get as quickly as possible. Visit forthepeople.com for a review of our latest verdicts magazine to see what cases like yours could be worth. When I see clients in our office, I see my brother too. And I don't want them to ever have that kind of representation that we had. I want them to have their best chance of winning and the best chance to put their life back together. For me, the people and the families we've represented at their time of need has made a difference in my life as we've tried to make a difference in theirs. With more than two million people just like you who called us last year, we were able to recover over $1 billion for them. But above all, your trust in us means the world to me. I want to thank you for calling us and trusting us to represent you. There's only one Morgan Morgan for the people. I'm John Morgan. Over 30 years ago, Morgan Morgan started with just two lawyers, but our mission started years before that. When I was younger, my brother Tim was paralyzed and my family ended up hiring the wrong lawyer. And to add insult to injury, they fought him very hard. We got to see firsthand the consequences of having the life changing injury when you're poor and when you hire a terrible lawyer. Tim got really beat up and I became outraged. And I decided then and there that I would only ever do this type of work. And I represent the people, not the powerful. Morgan and Morgan is the largest personal injury firm in the world here to serve you wherever you are, whatever you need. With an army of over 800 attorneys, thousands of caring support staff, unrivaled technology, investigators, experts across the country, we are everywhere for everyone. Morgan and Morgan is not only America's largest injury law firm, but we're also very much a local offer with branch offices right now. And I'm sure you're right here in your community wherever you are, whatever you need, whether you or someone you love was injured in a car crash. Thank you so much for holding. Miss Adams. Hey. Thank you so much for your patience. So now that I do have a better understanding of your case, what I've done is explain your case to my team to help us. I currently have Anthony on the line. He is going to be the one to continue assisting you moving forward. Thank you so much. Can you hear me? Okay. Hi, ma'am. Excellent. My name is Anthony. I'm a client, client relations executive here at Morgan and Morgan. I'm sorry. This has happened. I certainly appreciate you reaching out to us. We won't assist in any way that we can. So just a few questions. Is this the first time reaching out for legal assistance regarding this particular case? Yes. Just out of curiosity. Why the delay? Yes. Okay. Just out of curiosity. Why the delay? Yes. Well, I have talked to other people, but every time that I've talked to them, whenever I explain to them about what they were talking to, they wanted to ask, yes, when I mean that would happen, and where she really is. And they don't do any sort of mental failings, I mean you know, lowergan team management. Well, I mean, I have talked to other people, but every time that I've talked to them, whatever I explain to them about what happened, what's going on, but I never get a callback. Okay, okay, all right. And as far as the date of incidents, when did this occur? November the 29th of 2021. November 29th of 2021, okay. All right. And so my understanding is your friend is driving, and you're the front passenger, and you're going over the train tracks when suddenly the train struck you? Yes. Okay, goodness. So there's no gate, no warning, warnings of any kind, lights, signs. There was a sign, but that was it. There's a lot, there's no crosshorns, there's none of those lots, whatever it has, the sound, or whatever. All it has is like the X that actually only thinks that that. Wow. Okay. Wow. That's scary. Okay. And so I'm going to go over the line. And then you're transported via ambulance to the hospital. No, I was airlessed by helicopter to UAB. You were in Birmingham. Okay. My goodness. As far as a police report, have you ever, cut your hands on a police report or a report number? Do it now. A police report number. Did you ever get a copy of a police report or get a police report number? For the incident? I did. I got, I got a police report. Okay. Do you have it? Do you have it handy? Do you have the police report? Okay. Could you provide me with the report number? Is it the case number? The crash report case number? Yes. Yeah. The crash report number. Do you have that there? Okay. It is 1, 7, 4, 2, 1. Let me just repeat. 1, 7, 4, 2, 4, 2, 1. Is that correct? Yes. Okay. All right. And wow. Your injuries are extensive. As far as your loss of consciousness, do you have any idea how long that was? Was it 30 plus seconds or? It was longer than 30 seconds. It was. I think with what that lady said, it was because my mom said that I came to the next day. So I would say over 24 hours. Wow. Okay. My goodness. All right. How long were you in the hospital for? I was in the hospital for a week and a half. Or a week and a half. All right. And you had you had two surgeries? Yes. Okay. Okay. Once you were discharged from the hospital, what did you have for treatment after that? I had to come back to the doctor there to so they could keep a check up on my lung. And then I had to come back for hands therapy. Okay. All right. And what was your, what was your other thing? Oh. Oh. No. I didn't have to be exact to the. Oh. So I'm sure. Yeah. I'm trying to say I'll see the birth. These are the ways. Maybe March of 2022. March of 2022. Okay. Then again, I'm out of an April. I think it was April. Okay. And what was that? What was the last appointment that you had? Hands therapy. Hand therapy. Okay. Okay. Anybody ever reach out to you as far as any elements or do you ever hear from anybody? No. Insurance. Nobody? Okay. No. What about your friend? Well, your friend. What happened to your friend? Friend injured as well? Well, there was three other passengers in the car that were injured. But then the driver she was turned out to hit a scene. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Oh, I'm so sorry. My condones was just awful. Okay. So there were four or four of you told the vehicle? There was five of a total. There were five of you in the vehicle. Okay. Yeah. There was five of us. Four was injured. One was. That killed. Oh, just horrible. What, what, what time of day was this? It was around 430, 427. 430. Okay. That happened. Unbelievable. Okay. And how are you now? Physically, everything healed up? Are you still dealing with that? What's that? Perfect. Physical standpoint? Well, the, not physically, but mentally, yes. I'm sure. I'm. Yeah. I can't even imagine. Yeah. I can't even imagine. That's just horrible. Hard. Now of a rubber track. Sure. Oh, yeah. I completely understand that. I mean, could you even, could you even hear anything or see anything? Or was it just, was it just impact when it happened? I mean, I know what happened just in a split second. Well, see, we'll see. I don't. Well, like I told, told, I got told lady or whatever. I can't remember exactly what happened. Because like I said, I, I blocked out. So, um, they, they said that on the camera of the train or whatever. It showed that I had seen the train coming and that I hollered at her about it. But I guess she just didn't do nothing about it. She still just sat there. Wow. So you, you, you, you notified it and, and nothing didn't move. That's strange. It's okay. I know. It's very strange. Yeah. Okay. Unbelievable. Okay. All right. All right. So I just need to get some additional information from. So I'm just, I just want to make sure that I have all the treatment. So you've had the, you know, X-rays, CT scan, MRI, surgery, and you had physical therapy as well. Yes. Okay. Okay. And you're not, you're not thinking that you're going to need any further treatment. What? You're not thinking that you're going to need any further treatment. You, you've healed up. I mean, obviously there's the, you know, the mental part of it. But physically you've, you've healed up. You don't think you're going to need any more treatment. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Physically, I'm fine. Okay. Okay. Did you yourself have auto insurance at the time? No. No. Okay. All right. All right. Yeah. All right. So I'm going to take care of you. And you can check if you can. Okay. Yeah. And then if you can get any more information from. No, I didn't have a car at that time. So you do not have a car at the time. Okay. All right. Are you single man married? Oh, don't just take it. Sure. Okay. No. Well, I mean, as a right person, you know, you're going to need a car at the time. I know I'm still married, but I mean, the process of getting into the board. Okay. All right. All right. No worries. If we need to contact you or provide case updates, may we use text email or rather automated technology to do so. You okay with that as far as communication, text or email. Either way. Okay. All right. Perfect. As far as an emergency contact, who would you like to add as an emergency contact on the file? I'll go my fingers. Yeah. Okay. Okay. What's the legal first on my thing? Congratulations, by the way. Thank you. Baker. D. R. E. K. Yeah. D. E. R. E. K. Baker. Baker. All right. Thank you. And the phone number. Two of five. Four seven. Two, one seven. Let me just repeat. Two, zero, five. Four, seven, nine, two, two, one, seven. Is that correct? Yes. Excellent. Can I get your physical address, please? 3545. 3545. 3545. Okay. X1. Is the mailing address the same? Yes. Good. It's on. Okay. Excellent. Okay. also. Right here on the phone.oney. Can I get you some more calls? Hold on for a few moments. Yeah. Um, I'm fixing that to leave though. I'm just going to take a close-up from schools. This will only take a few minutes. I'll be right back with you. Okay. Okay. All right. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. Over 30 years ago. Morgan and Morgan started with just two lawyers. But our mission started years before that. When I was younger, my brother Tim was paralyzed, and my family ended up hiring the wrong lawyer. And to add insult to injury, they fought him very hard. We got to see firsthand the consequences of having a life-changing injury when you're poor and when you hire a terrible lawyer. Tim got really beat up and I became outraged. And I decided then and there that I would only ever do this type of work and represent the people, not the powerful. Morgan and Morgan is the largest personal injury firm in the world here to serve you. Wherever you are, whatever you need. With an army of over 800 attorneys, thousands of caring support staff, unrivaled technology, investigators, and experts across the country, we are everywhere for everyone. Morgan and Morgan is not only America's largest injury law firm, but we're also very much a local law firm with branch office and a community where wherever you are, whatever you need, whether you or someone you love was injured in a car crash, the victim of medical matters. Now, had a child born with a devastating birth injury, denied social security benefit. Your home or business insurance claims did not fell in a public hospital. No more, no more. Put them in the kitchen. Or even injured on the job. Our attorneys are here for you. Millions of people, just like you, call us every year for help when they need it the most. And we've recovered billions and billions and billions of dollars for our clients. We have the resources, reach, and reputation to take on the biggest bullies to get you the biggest results. Some people think our law firm only takes on the biggest cases with the most serious injuries. The truth is, many of our cases involve car crashes, slip and falls and work injuries. But here's the thing. What makes us different is that we don't actually believe those cases are small. Even a low-speed crash or a slip and fall can cause serious injuries that last a lifetime. And a lifetime is a long time. For over 30 years, we've never backed down from going up against the biggest insurance companies and powerful corporations, who sold harmful and dangerous products or medications to our clients and large institutions. Our trial ready lawyers have a track record of getting the results our clients deserve. Our goal when representing a client is getting the most they can possibly get at as quickly as possible. And our results speak for themselves. Visit forthepeople.com for a free copy of our latest Vertix magazine to see what cases like yours could be worth. When I see clients in our office, I see my brother too. And I don't want them to ever have that kind of representation that we had. I want them to have their best chance of winning. And the best chance to put their lives back together, the best way they can. For me, the people and the families we've represented at their time of need has made a difference in my life as we've tried to make a difference in theirs. With more than two million people just like you who called us last year, we were able to recover over one billion dollars for them. But above all, your trust in us means the world to me. I want to thank you for calling us and trusting us to represent you. There's only one Morgan and Morgan for the people. I'm John Morgan. Over 30 years ago, Morgan and Morgan started with just two lawyers. But our mission started years before that. When I was younger, my brother Tim was paralyzed and my family ended up hiring the wrong lawyer. And to add insult to injury, they fought him very hard. We got to see firsthand the consequences of having a life changing injury when you're poor and when you hire a terrible lawyer. Tim got really beat up and I became outraged. And I decided then and there that I would only ever do this type of work and represent the people, not the powerful. Morgan and Morgan is the largest personal injury firm in the world here to serve you wherever you are, whatever you need. With an army of over 800 attorneys, thousands of caring support staff, unrivaled technology, investigators, and experts across the country, we are everywhere for everyone. Morgan and Morgan is not only America's largest injury law firm, but we're also very much a local law firm. With branch offices right here in your community, wherever you are, whatever you need. Whether you or someone you love was injured in a car crash, the victim of medical malpractice had a child born with a devastating birth injury, denied social security benefits, had your home or business insurance claims denied, fell in a public or private space, or even injured on the job. Our attorneys are here for you. Millions of people, just like you, call us every year for help. We have the resources, reach, and reputation to take on the biggest bullies to get you the biggest results. Some people think our law firm only takes on the biggest cases with the most serious injuries. The truth is, many of our cases involve car crashes, slip and falls, and work injuries. I'm John Morgan. Over 30 years ago, Morgan and Morgan started with just a few years ago. We had just two lawyers, but our mission started years before that. When I was younger, my brother Tim was paralyzed, and my family ended up hiring the wrong lawyer. And to add insult to injury, they fought him very hard. We got to see firsthand the consequences of having a life-changing injury when you're poor and when you hire a terrible lawyer. Tim got really beat up and I became outraged. And I decided then and there that I would only ever do this type of work and represent the people. Morgan and Morgan is the largest personal injury firm in the world here to serve you, wherever you are, whatever you need. With an army of over 800 attorneys, thousands of caring support staff, unrivaled technology, investigators, and experts across the country, we are everywhere for everyone. Morgan and Morgan is not only America's largest injury law firm, but we're also very much a local law firm with branch offices right here in your community. Wherever you are, whatever you need. Whether you or someone you love was injured in a car crash, the victim of medical malpractice had a child born with a devastating birth injury, denied social security benefits, had your home or business insurance claims, denied, fell in a public or private space, or even injured on the job. Our attorneys are here for you. Millions of people, just like you, call us every year for help when they need it the most. And we've recovered billions of dollars. Millions and billions and billions of dollars for our clients. We have the resources, reach, and reputation to take on the biggest bullies to get you the biggest results. Some people think our law firm only takes on the biggest cases with the most serious injuries. The truth is, many of our cases involve car crashes, slip and falls, and work injuries. But here's the thing. What makes us different is that we don't actually believe those cases are small. Even a low-speed crash. Or a slip and fall can cause serious injuries that last a lifetime. And a lifetime is a long time. For over 30 years, we've never backed down from going up against the biggest insurance companies and powerful corporations who sold harmful and dangerous products or medications to our clients and large institutions. Our trial-ready lawyers have a track record of getting the results our clients deserve. Our goal when representing a client is getting the most they can possibly get as quickly as possible. We'll speak for themselves. Visit forthepeople.com for a free copy of our latest Vertix magazine to see what. Thank you so much for holding, ma'am. It's going to take a little bit more time. I don't want to keep you on hold. So what I will do, and again, my name is Anthony Ryan. As soon as I get some additional information, I will reach out to you myself and provide you with an update. I would expect to hear something very soon. Okay. Okay. All right, excellent. Are there any questions for me? Anything that I can further assist with? No, not that I know of. Okay. All right. Well, I'm sure I certainly appreciate your time and reaching out to Morgan and Morgan definitely did the right thing. I'm sure we'll be chatting soon. Okay. All right. Thank you. All right. Thank you so much. My pleasure. All right. Take care. Goodbye. Of that. I mean, you're by my side. All right. Let's not talk about that. I'll do 20 years. Yeah. OK. By the way, Lee. Okay. Go ahead. Okay. All right. See. Thursday and Defend Firebase and Dan. See how it works. All right. And now we're gonna talk for with you later. All right. Good state of progress. All right. See you guys on the blog. Have a fun. Good.