 It will be a short ring in, I'll be on the line. Thank you for calling Morgan and Morgan. Good afternoon, Memo. I've got this 30 Miller on the line with us from State of Tennessee. Her zip code is 37043. She have had an accident, an auto accident back in June 2020. Can you please take over the call? Thank you so much. Hello, my name is Vivian. How are you today? Hello. Can you hear me? So was this an auto accident that resulted in injuries? You went to the refugee from Nashville to Nashville. Sorry, I'm a bad guy, because it's not mine cut out. As becoming from Nashville to Nashville, Tennessee. Right now, you're right. And did this result in injuries? Yes, I was cut. I'm on one of the dead. I was cut from here to here. Not me, but just hanging out there. I'm not next to her. Well, I was cut. But I was too, don't do this. My brother, you know, he got a new truck and other days in front of the, she had bruises. I think she got kicked. So everyone had death come face of me. And I love him on the dead. Okay. So you, you were the only one who didn't receive any compensation for your injuries. I am right. Right. It's not I'm on one of the seats. It's definitely seeing it. So I didn't get this updated real quick. And then if you are disconnected, what is your best call back number? The number you own now. Be critical. I don't know about. Don't have anything on file. I'll do it by your name. Okay. Make sure that I do get it spelled correctly. Do you mind spelling your legal first and last name? I didn't hear you. Make sure that I get your name. Spelt correctly. Do you mind spelling your legal first and last name for me? Okay. My first name is bird. It's still like bird. The R the A. The middle name is made. The last name is Miller. And for verification purposes, may I get your date of birth? 420 1942. Eight one year old. Waiting for the consultation page to load. I did want to ask you to go to the hospital. And if you have an A patient before anything, click that button over icon on. 맞아요. Go down to Qiqubrai. The building looks like we do have a consultation but we are unable to assist. Do you want me to see if you have the new information that would constitute the other? Armor is Miranda. dissoque. violating than what? Diseases andFeels of flexible fragments임 architectural policies andíss لوcia. agree that turn out to be. функ. Growth is going to be possible by a transportation breathable to Voiceshands. Commonwealthpefoot. naughty agriculture. Natua. 요즘 mon traffic. Haiti is going forward in 4 Mountains. Pearls.YU. instructors.korves.com. 성そh we like kadai. обрат посorder. Kauf.:"No he is from Salvo Mod一 soup.309 Mosirasy. wipe hast.eno, your iphone, ask my pa. alley. t. eternal customers. maybe there is new information since doing the consultation to see if new information changes the outcome. Yeah, they did sell two or three times. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I did talk to the three or four times about this, but not have Molly. I think because other two likes to get sales. I didn't want one didn't get in time. And I messed up. I'm more hard work. I'm told from the secret floor. Thank you. OK, I'll see you now have have me pain as a result of the accident. Right. All right. I'm going to go ahead and get the consultation page loaded because I am showing that that is information that was left off on your last consultation. Okay. Okay. And then real quick, I did want to get some clarifying information on one thing is OK. If I place you on a brief hold. We got to see firsthand the consequences of having the life change in injury when you're poor and when you hire a terrible load. Tim got really beat up and I became outraged and I decided then and there that I would only ever do this type of work and represent the people not the powerful Morgan and Morgan is the largest personal injury. Serve you wherever you are, whatever you need with an army of over 800 attorneys thousands of caring support staff unrivaled technology investigators and experts across the country. We are everywhere for everyone. Morgan and Morgan is not only America's largest injury law firm, but we're also very much a local law firm with branch offices right here in your community. Wherever you are, whatever you need, whether you or someone you love was injured in a car crash, the victim of medical malpractice had a child born with a devastating birth injury, denied social security benefits, had your home or business insurance claims denied. We have the resources, reach and reputation to take on the biggest bullies to get you the biggest results. Some people think our law firm only takes on the biggest cases with the most serious injuries. The current situation is very serious. Truth is, many of our cases involve car crashes, slip and falls and work injuries, but here's the thing. What makes us different is that we don't actually believe those cases are small. Even a low-speed crash or a slip and fall can cause serious injuries that last a lifetime and a lifetime is a long time. For over 30 years, we've never backed down from going up against the biggest insurance companies and powerful corporations who sold harmful and dangerous products or medications. Our trial-ready lawyers have a track record of getting the results our clients deserve. Our goal when representing a client is getting the most they can possibly get as quickly as possible and our results speak for themselves. Visit forthepople.com for a free copy of our latest Vertix magazine to see what cases like yours could be worth. When I see clients in our office, I see my brother too, and I don't want them to ever have that kind of representation that we had. I want them to have their best chance of winning and the best chance to put their life back together the best way they can. For me, the people and the families we represented at their time of need has made a difference in my life as we've tried to make a difference in theirs. With more than 2 million people just like you who called us last year, we were able to recover over $1 billion for them. But above all, your trust in us means the world to me. I want to thank you for calling us. Thank you so very much. Thank you. I just wanted to make sure I got the injury entered correctly. And then just to confirm you said that the last duration from the left to the right ear was due to the seatbelt. And when it took them back and have it not be from a seat to a fort, now it's hanging by the seatbelt. The whole day I'm not making it, but could my neck and ear dear? Well, I think my ear dear, but I could not recall from that. The previous person didn't put down if it required stitches or not. Did they have to use stitches? They have a stitch. No, they're not stitches. I'm going to begin with stitches though. gimb from the foot from the floor or somewhere under the side, let me just.... I'm like that until he heard up. I thought so, he was, you know, so loud but they didn't, they said open. But if he was saying so, maybe five minutes ago, I don't know. Did they use glue or anything like that? No. Obviously, I just took the extra year of it and I'm thinking, no one's staring at me enough. I'm going to just throw jokes on you. I got some notes for it too. Thank you, gave me a nice thank you. I won't get some visible of them too. Now I'm there for you and my next up. Besides the knee pain and the steep belt cut, did you have any other injuries? No, if you attack my knee here because I know like right knee hurts me. The knee don't seem about most pronounced okay when the right knee hurts me. Yes. And apart from the right knee pain and the steep belt cut, Okay, so it's not due to the accident? I don't know. I didn't start her interaction after accident. I thought this little piece of advice in it. Well, actually I was on the show and I needed to add your six. I'm like saying, I'm on the show. I'm on the knee made to throw that. As soon as what happened, I never even thought about 10 to 10 years today. Do you want me to, I need to first hear it. You could get some bullets, this bullets, the ice bullets start hurting them down. I'm not going to talk about that. If they could classify, well, I'm not going to use my stuff. I'm going to talk about it. It's not going to provide me with a description of how the incident occurred. Maybe you'll know. Can you provide me with a description of how the accident occurred? I just have to wonder, can we get that idea a little bit earlier ok? Just kind of developing a mirage. So I get a attribute yours coming up. Nothing's there, no? There were a few habboys who in the hand. It's problem. Sorry, did you say that was correct? Yeah, yeah. I got a red flag. I got a red flag. Let me just you back over to the person again. Right. And by that say, the police right, the police said they put the perpetrator, the children up there, they had a way to go right there. That's what happened. I'm not saying they're not going to be right there, no phone at that. Did they mark the other person as the at fault person? Did they do what? Did the police put the at fault person as the other driver? Yes, he talked to the doctor. And the previous notes from the last person, they said that you had gone to the hospital for post, M.S. and mother, B.S. and Dictator, A.S. and Apple. Yes, this is something that happened. We went to X-Levna to know where X-Levna movement that is something that happened. The act of a statement that X-Levna, which is a part of the hospital, from Q.S. The opposite, this was the cop sometimes. This was hospital, that's all we went back to, the X-Levna. Right. Did they say what post M.D.A. symptoms is related to? Did they say what? Did they tell you what post M.D.A. symptoms referred to? No. In A.S. it is not. Sometimes I may hurt, like when the weather, like when the weather gets bad, my may seem hurt too. And the meat, my right knee hurts too. But not always, sometimes. Do you know if you hit your head in the accident? No, I'm thankful. I think it could not be a neckable now. You found out probably it was a problem. I'm here, here. Did the vehicle flip at all? Did the vehicle you were in flip at all? Did the vehicle you were in flip at all? Did the vehicle I don't need to flip at all? Did the vehicle that you were in, did it flip? No. It's not the tour. We got you to go back to the vehicle. We started to not get enough of that. It's the draft that one you said. Sorry. It told us to try to flip the game. Yeah. It told us to try to play the game. You tried. Yeah. You tried to get me to try to get me to. Yeah. That wasn't your truck correct. No. Wasn't that. I didn't have car on track. I wanted to get the accident. I know you said last June. Do you know an approximate day that it occurred? It was the first Saturday in June last year. First Friday or Saturday? Okay. No. First Saturday. We need to be careful. Sorry. The phone line cut out. I didn't make out what you just said. As we go, we believe we can talk about the party next June was coming home. We love to join the forward. I know that we're going to be in the back of the car. Sorry. After June 4th, the phone line cut out. I think it happened on June 4th. I think we went to a birthday party next. So I think the birthday was the fourth or the birthday. They had a birthday June 4th. Within the birthday card. From now on. Yeah. So I think this June 4th on 9th, 0. I know it's Thursday. June. Did you ever happen to get a police report number for the incident or no? No. I'm just adding not letting them know that you have not been given a settlement but to others in the incident. No. I'm just a converse person. I'm not receiving an include uninsured or underinsured motorists. Correct. So you haven't accepted any insurance settlements or uninsured or underinsured settlements. No. No. I have a call. Then do you know what city in Georgia, the incident occurred in? What now? Oh, sorry. Tennessee. Sorry. Do you know what city in Tennessee, the incident happened in? Did you say invented? Nashville. Nashville. We leave in Nashville and home. We know they make it talk. The over sick. It made me come down to the town and there's been nothing. They passiert yesterday and there's been nothing. And the doctor says because you have not contacts. It's not COVID-19. It's a little bit scared to sit. There we go, just about done. And do you know if the other person, well, sorry, you said they were in sports cars. So they were not in a commercial vehicle correct? Yeah. She got and she was hurt too. Thanks most of the room with her at the end. And I'm brother. You know, he said, he said, he's back some kind of way, you know, I understand why he's been by she's. I was hurt. He said, what made him front seat with the task of fact. I think she forgot. But we're in front of some brand. The amount of accident. And the quantum. I feel a lot of accident. The quantum. I believe this blue. The button. Not like it. Just to confirm you said that that she was not in a commercial vehicle. Yeah. I said she was in there, but she just. She's on the path of that in front. And she said it. It's over into the board from the base board. We call it. And I. I think it was a stomach. She could plan she was so. And I was there with a plan that he said he's. He's there. Some time. He never plan. He's on the other side of the. No, I'm asking if the other person who caused the accident was in a commercial vehicle. No, we're big sports car. Yes, do you know if there were any company logos making it a commercial car? No, thanks. But please think in a no life. No drive. No life. I'm showing. But. And do you share the same policy as the driver of the vehicle that you were in? And my. You share the same auto insurance policy as the driver of the vehicle you were in? Yeah, he didn't show. Yeah. But are you listed as a driver? Do you? undead guy membership that. I know, Guadalu. The person who is driving the vehicle that you are, the passenger and. Do you guys share the same auto insurance. Policy. No. No. No. No. No. We. We think it was aways. We looked for evidence. I don't decision. We were struggling with. We have them. We. We I. Love him. Hold on. I felt he. We. The hero. We didn't. Re that or things like that. When comes any accident, I feel we'd rather. You don't even know that. We don't. Go ahead and get the first page submitted and it should only take a moment while the next one. Okay. I don't know. I don't work. Okay. So I take it back. The. This matter is not one that our firm is able to look into further. It's not stating you don't. Okay. I don't think it's okay. I guess. Do you want the. Yes. It is okay. I just, but there will. Just. That's not saying you don't have a case. Generally the most common reason we get when that occurs are we don't have an attorney near you that's able to handle a case type. Or if we do, they might not be taking on the client. But I do have the Tennessee bar association number. Sorry, they didn't provide us with a number they gave us their website. I can give you their website and they would be able to help you in finding an attorney or firm. Yes, we just told them. This is my first report,idamente. It may be their any trapping institution, which women's will have found the more bad or withdraw their IG actual number. When you come out? The Tennessee Bar Association website is down at W Rumorow. Is Huzan one of our biggestartment of torque. Puerto Rico. It's still from très much performance. B as in boy, on B as in boy. Hur can 5idadine nattomb. Okay. You're given test that you see it. So you'll want to go to that website and they'll be able to help you in finding an attorney or a firm. No, but I assume that you got the money. First time in the term, if you have a law in a term, you say you give one for me and I thought the deal so that could have got more. You know, but I'm going to go along. So we I did deal with the consultation and just like the previous time, it did come back stating that this is a matter that our firm is not able to help with, which is why I had told you usually the most common reason we get when this happens or we might not have an attorney near you that's able to handle the previously until we do. So those movies will not come continuously. Any time that thissn My question. I wouldn't be able to ask the question. They don't provide us information to ask Is there anything else that I can assist you with while you have me on the line today? No. I wish you all of the best with everything and hope you have a speedy recovery and it was a pleasure speaking with you. Oh, okay. Thank you. Yeah. My pleasure. Good night.