 I've got a recorder recorder go ahead, Kal I have a recorder I have a recorder on the line with me. She had actually in October 2022. She said third of October 2022 and she's on the line with me. Can you please assist her I'm doing well thank you for calling Morgan Morgan my name is Kyle we are on a recorded line what I'd like to do is gather some basic contact information and then ask you a series of questions regarding your case to see if we can assist you further. Kal I think you can't misunderstand what I said because of the fact that I was waiting on someone calling Jacksonville obviously calling me representative of an incident that I had at Tommage I fell at the hospital and I tried to get my step back up a second time the third time the gentleman took it and snapped my hand to the whole to the concrete in the parking lot so someone to talk call me back with us so I took this one last week because I told my other half of when I was talking to her I remember who so that's what I want to have more. This is an existing case. Yes it's something that well it happened on April 24th I got mug at Tommage. Dr. Gain Maw I am a fine I have a tumor to take my hand and nail my head to the concrete they took me and I have a tumor on the right side and fluid on the left side so I want to know who is the person the police off with security person but what saved my life I do I don't know who he is because what for him I've been dead. You got them all on me. I can't imagine. I can't imagine going through that but do you have an existing case with us currently? The best case that I have is with them that they were talking about me with that body but I called power to be four but it's a case that I had before where I had I was walking normal I was at 20s at the Stanford toenailed Demetization Home. Chez goal. Nothing hard when that band to get a surgery in 20 and. You gonna 20. When your head back back circle changes event the muscles where I was not going. Not off the smack and I got that mission on the right me. Yeah. I probably have a-cendo- Ugh yeah. All right. The legway ups- I'm giving you a case with us. Then you should have a profile I can pull up. Could you provide me your legal first and last name and I can check that for you? Yes. Brenda, the RENDA. Last name DYU. Sorry. Could you repeat that please? Last nine D as in debut, why as in yellow, E as in elephant. First name is Brenda. Brenda die. Yes. And what would be the phone number associated with that account? 8-5-0. I know. Number you're currently calling. Yes, sir. Okay. I pulled up your information here. Could you please verify your date of birth and phone number please? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. My date of birth is December 4th 1961. And what was the other question? Your date of birth. Oh 8-5-0. 6-9-2-46-45. Okay, thank you. I am pulling up the intake here. You do have an existing case. Once again, I apologize for what you went through. It sounds like a whole lot. So forgive me if I may need you to repeat some details. No problem. No problem. No thing is that. Still with the thing is that you think you're saying you're going to be a good person. I don't repeat because I might not have heard it and you didn't hear it. So one of those things is wrong. Right thing is to get it right. Well, since the matter of this case, I will have to put you on a brief hold and transfer you to a specialist. Is that okay with you? Well, no problem. Yeah, they will be able to assist further with the matter. So I'm going to put you on a brief hold. Once again, thank you for calling. And I'm going to put you on a brief hold. I hope this stuff gets sorted out. I hope so too, dear. Thank you, love. I'm John Morgan. Over 30 years ago, Morgan and Morgan started with just two lawyers. But our mission started years before that. When I was younger, my brother Tim was paralyzed and my family ended up hiring the wrong lawyer. And to add insult to engineering, they fought him very hard. We got to see firsthand the consequences of having a life-changing injury when you're poor and when you hire a terrible lawyer. I really get up and I became outraged. And I decided then and there that I would only ever do this type of work and represent the people, not the powerful. Morgan and Morgan is the largest personal injury firm in the world here to serve you wherever you are, whatever you need. With an army of over 800 attorneys, thousands of caring support staff, unrivaled technology investigators, and experts across the country, we're everywhere for everyone. Morgan and Morgan is not only America's largest injury law firm, but we're also very much a local offer with branch offices right here in your community, wherever you are, wherever you need. Where you are someone you love was injured in a car crash. The victim of medical malpractice had a child born with a devastating birth injury, denied social security benefits. Had your home or business insurance claims denied, fell in a public or private space, or even injured on the job, our attorneys are here for you. Millions of people, just like you, call us every year for help when they need it to vote. And we've recovered billions and billions and billions of dollars for our clients. We have the resources, reach and reputation to take on the biggest bullies to get you the biggest results. Some people think our law firm only takes on the biggest cases with the most serious injuries. The truth is, many of our cases involve car crashes. What makes us different is we don't actually believe those cases are small. They need a low speed crash or a slip in fall can cause serious injuries that last a lifetime. And a lifetime is a long time. For over 30 years, we've never backed down from going out against the biggest insurance companies and powerful corporations, who sold harmful and dangerous products for medications to our clients and large institutions. We already lawyers have a track record of getting the results our clients deserve. Our goal when representing a client is getting the most they can possibly get as quickly as possible. And our results speak for themselves. Visit forthepeople.com for a free copy of our latest Vertix magazine to see what cases like yours could be worth. When I see clients in our office, I see my brother too. And I don't want them to ever have that kind of representation that we had. I want them to have their best chance of winning. Best chance to put their life back together the best way they can. For me, the people and the families we represented at their time of need has made a difference in my life as we try to make a difference in theirs. With more than 2 million people just like you who called us last year, we were able to recover over $1 billion for them. But above all, your trust in us means the world to me. I want to thank you for calling us and trusting us to represent you. There's only one way to represent you. I'm John Morgan. Over 30 years ago, Morgan and Morgan started with just two lawyers. But our mission started years before that. When I was younger, my brother Tim was paralyzed and my family ended up hiring the wrong lawyer. And to add insult to injury, they fought him very hard. We got to see firsthand the consequences of having a life changing injury when you're poor. And when you hire a terrible lawyer, Tim got really beat up. I believe you. George George Valentini and will Ekpl teams in your team. You