 Paul is ranking out. She will be with them. Okay. Thank you for having me. My name is Amar to whom I have the pleasure of speaking with. Good afternoon. Do you have a name? Jolene sales on the line with me from Arizona. She had acted in December 2021. She's on the line with me. Can you please assist her further? It's an UK. Absolutely. Thank you. Missiles, the claim sessions will guiding further. You both can carry on. Okay. All right. Hello, Missiles. Yes. This is Amar here with the law firm of Morgan and Morgan. This calls me recorded for quality and training purposes. I just need to gather some basic contact information from you first. Then I'll ask you some questions to see how we can help. And what's your phone number? My phone number is 334-543. 512-1. Thank you. That's 335-4535-120. Is this your cell phone number? Yes, it is. Thank you. And I have your legal name. That's J-E-A-R-I-L-H-L-E-N-E. Sales as a LES. Yes. Thank you. And may have your date of birth. 112-1948. Thank you. Yes. Okay. And so how can I help you today understand that this is in regards to a co-accident? Yes. And it was on. Key years ago, December 21. December 21. The December 21. November. Exactly. December 21, 1921. I don't remember the exact date. So was it in 2021? Like a year and a half ago, or was it 2020? 2.5 years ago? 2021. Oh, you meant December of 2021. Okay. I'm sorry. I thought you meant December 21. Okay. So it's December of 2021. And where is this? What city and state? It happened in Alabama. Alabama. What city in Alabama? What city in Alabama? Montgomery. Montgomery, Alabama. Okay. And were you a driver or a passenger in the car? I'd pay. I was a passenger. A passenger. Who was a driver? My, my granddaughter. Okay. And what happened? Can you describe to me what exactly happened? Okay. We were driving down. Okay. How many, I think it was like how many six? And we would pass somebody, you know, an intersection in the car pulled out and hit us on the passenger side. So you said this was an intersection with like lights with four lights. Were you guys passing? Like an intersection. It wasn't a light. He was just, we was growing out the main street. And he just pulled out. Honest and hit us from the passenger side. Did you guys have a green light? No, it wasn't a street light. I think it was a fire. And it was a cross-line. He just pulled out by honors. We were going to the main street. Where it was in the light. You know, where it was just on going traffic. And he pulled out. And who had the top sign? Did he guys both have the top sign or just him? I think he had the head. I think it was a sign. And he just pulled out honors and hit us. I think it was a sign. And he just pulled out honors and hit us. So we were going to traffic. Okay, so you guys did not have a good time. We were going to traffic. It was going to stop sign for us. It was just, you know, we were going to traffic. And he just pulled out. He did. So did the police come to the scene? Yes, he did. And who did the police put a fault for the accident? Well, the man did say that he was in fault. He admitted. He had made it. He was in fault. Okay. And what danger is it he's offered? My back and my neck. I went to say they sent me the spare people. Have you ever been represented by another attorney on this case? No, I haven't. We didn't really follow it up. They never went out of call. Okay. And what's the reason for the delay in getting an attorney on this case? How come you did not get an attorney earlier on this case? So I just want to go through the treatment that you received. So what was your first treatment? Where did you initially go for treatment? Okay. I went to the doctor. They sent me the spare people. So you went to your primary doctor first or you went to the emergency room? I went to the emergency room and I went to therapy for work. Okay. So that's only treatment that emerged in the room and then physical therapy? Yeah. Are you currently still going through a physical therapy? No, I'm not going to just to put therapy now. When was the last treatment? I don't remember. How long did you go to physical therapy for approximately? Was it like a few months or over a year? No, I'm going to keep mine. Okay. So you have not seen, you have not gotten any treatment for a while for a few months? Like maybe more than six months or so? Yeah. Okay. So you're going to have a few months or so? Yeah. Do you and your granddaughter share the same insurance policy? Do you have a lift together? Yeah. Now we are living together and seeing these areas going up. At the time, do you have a lift together? Yeah. Now we are living together. No, no. I'm asking you at the time of the act and thank you for 2021. When I was there now, Alabama, I was in my own apartment. You're feeling okay? You do not need more treatment? No, I'm not doing treatment. Do you need treatment? I don't think so. Okay. Okay. I do have just a few more questions here to finish up the consultation. I just need the rest of your demographic information. What is your legal marathon? Are you legally single married divorced or separated? I'm a widow. Is there anyone you would like to add on this kiss as an emergency contact? Yes, Erin. Yes, Erin. I'm going to make sure from here. Okay. And her number? She's going to be called 291-1194. Thank you. That's 6.02-291-1194. Yeah. Thank you. And I was she driving her car or your car? She would drive in her car. Okay. Did you have car insurance? She was called at the time. Yes, she had it. No, what about you? Did you have a lift? No, I did. No. And may I have an email address for you? What is your email? I don't have an email. No email? Okay. And last question, may I have your address? What is your current email address? No, as you're doing. How? Can I have your address? Your home address? My address is 1.020 North Belach Canyon Highway. Build this fleet apartment 1024. Being there around it. 8.5. Yes. 1024. 1024. 1024. Thank you. Is this also your shipping and mailing address? Do you receive mail address as well? Yes. What I do. Okay. All right. I'm going to review all the information you provided and see if there is anything else needed. Is it okay if I place the annals for just a moment? Yes. All right. Thank you so much. One moment. Please hold. I'm John Morgan. Over 30 years ago, Morgan and Morgan started with just two lawyers. But our mission started years before that. When I was younger, my brother Tim was paralyzed and my family ended up hiring the wrong lawyer. And to add insult to injury, they fought him very hard. We got to see firsthand the consequences of having a life-changing injury. When you're poor and when you hire a terrible lawyer, Tim got really beat up and I became outraged. And I decided then and there that I would only ever do this type of work and represent the people, not the powerful. Morgan and Morgan is the largest personal injury firm in the world here to serve you, wherever you are, whatever you need. With an army of over 800 attorneys, thousands of caring support staff, unrivaled technology, investigators, and experts across the country. We are everywhere for everyone. Morgan and Morgan is not only America's largest injury law firm, but we're also very much a local law firm with branch offices right here in your community, wherever you are, whatever you need. Whether you or someone you love was injured in a car crash, the victim of medical malpractice had a child born with a devastating birth injury, denied social security benefits, had your home or business insurance claims denied, fell in a pulpit, and then died. We have a family, or private space, or even injured on the job, our attorneys are here for you. Millions of people, just like you, call us every year for help when they need it the most. And we've recovered billions and billions and billions of dollars for our clients. We have the resources, reach, and reputation to take on the biggest bullies to get you the biggest results. Some people think our law firm only takes on the biggest cases with the most serious injuries. The truth is, many people are getting involved in many of our cases involved car crashes, slip and falls, and work injuries. But here's the thing. What makes us different is that we don't actually believe those cases are small. Even a low-speed crash, or a slip and fall, can cause serious injuries that last a lifetime. And a lifetime is a long time. For over 30 years, we've never backed down from going up against the biggest insurance companies and powerful corporations who sold harmful and dangerous products or medications to our clients. And we've been working on this for a long time. We've been working on this for a long time. We've been working on this for a long time.