 Thank you for coming to office. This is Leslie speaking from me. Sister. Hello. Yes. What office is this? This is a law office of Canter Pintalugacir, where personal injury law firm, where you need any legal assistance. Where are you located? Well, we have several different locations throughout the state. What's it? Are you looking for in? I'm in Missouri. We have a couple offices in Missouri. We have one in Kansas City and one in Clayton, Missouri. Are you calling in regards to a new case? Are you ready to client of ours? No, I'm not a client of yours. Were you looking for legal assistance? Right. They call me. They called me and they transferred me over, but I just wasn't sure where they had transferred me to or how to get a hold of you guys if I needed it. Can I check you guys out first? Yeah. If you want, you can work up Canter and Pintaluga. I'm sorry. It's KPATURNY.com. And all our information is there. Like what type of law we do are all our office locations. Okay. And do you know how the lead that you purchased, where that came from? How they contacted me? Usually it would be through, it would be because you input information online about an accident. And that's why they reached out to you. Or maybe you or a family member, like filled out a questionnaire. It was probably legal answer org. And they contacted you. And that's why they got you connected over to us. Legal answer.org. Okay. Okay. Well, thank you. I'll look into that. No problem, sir. We're open 24 sevens. You can give us a callback whenever you're ready. Okay. What number should I call back? I can give you the you can give us a call. You can call us at 5 6 1. I can give you the you can give us a call. You can call us at 5 6 1. 8 9 2 9 7 7 3. I'm 6 1 8 9 2 9 7 7 3. Yes. Okay. Who would I ask for? Well, you could just you could speak with anybody here at our intake department. One of the one of the personnel here will be the answer. And they'll be able to gather some basic information if you're interested in the conscious state. And they'll connect you over to one of the attorneys for the consultation over the phone. Okay. Okay. Thank you. No problem, sir. Have a have a nice day.