 Office to mayor speaking homies is new Hi ma'am, this is Brent. I have a light his name is Jack and the last time is Johnson on the light Okay, can you have for a second? Can you hold for a quick second please? Sure sure Yes You know years ago I had on highway 190 just out of you in the sleuthy Santa Borum there was cold Wilson's lounge I don't know if I would make you laugh I make you hang up on me but he he walked in the orders in the drink I picked you drink I said in front of me picked you up you said that was those the proposed anybody can defeated your drinks old me right thank you so much for holding and you said you have a collar and what's the Yeah, ma'am his name is Jack and the last time is Johnson on the line and he had accident in May 20, 20 and the zip code he's from the state of Louisiana the zip code is 705 or it's an increase can you take over the call please? Yes connect him All right you guys carry on hello? Yes Hi, I'm gonna go I'm gonna go ahead I'm gonna go ahead and obtain the information and see how we can further assist Okay What type of was it an auto accident you are involved in? Yes What date was it? I don't remember the exact date I didn't get a ticket he got a ticket Okay, do you remember the year or the month of the accident? Oh, it's been a while I don't know it's been well a year and a half ago The accident happened a year and a half ago Yeah Okay, I can barely hear what you're saying did it happen in 2022 or 2021? Okay, what city did the accident happen in Queens? Mamu MAMO you Louisiana You are the driver in the accident or the passenger? How was? Huh? Yeah, I was on myself in the truck. Oh, yes, I'm a driver Yes, it was only me in the truck. What was the pain in injuries you sustained? Oh My neck gave me problems and my lower back gave me problems so while Okay, what's the best contact number for you? I'd like to provide Okay, what your first name is it Jake and the last name is Johnson? Yeah, Jack, great H.K. Okay, so it's not John's and okay Jackson Jack Johnson J.O.H.N. S.O.N. Okay, what's your home in Johnson case? Do you have to send documents? 109 railroad avenue 70554 I have all your information. I'm gonna go ahead and get the attorney's assistance on the line to answer your question You don't remember exactly when that was huh? Oh Oh Well, that's a lot with activism. last year. In the year year and a half. Okay. Could you tell me, did you ever hire an attorney? Did you ever file a claim? No, I did not. Okay. If the accident was a year a year and a half, it has, it's prescribed because the sexual limitations in the state of Louisiana is a year from the time of the accident. Okay. So we, unfortunately, we wouldn't be able to help you. Yeah. I do know this. Yeah. A back. A back. Went to the road out of my driveway. I'm about 30 yards in the stop sign on one of the major highways here and down. And the police told him that he, the police, the police told him he was at fault. He said, the man was in his own lane. Okay. And I understood that. But, but there's no claim with filed and nothing has really been done. The, you know, the case has prescribed. There's unfortunately, we can't, you know, try and make a claim now because it's too late. I got you. All right. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Mr và from the conference A