 So it will take just a few seconds. We're calling Rick Morgan. My name is Alyssa on a recorded line. Would I have the pleasure of speaking with today? Hey, Alyssa, this Benjamin, I have a new case. The client name is Jeffrey Wilson. And he had an auto accident last year in the month of June. And he still have that lower back pain. Can you assist him, please? Okay, you can go ahead and bring the client on the line. I'll go ahead and proceed for. Okay, all right. Mr. John C Wilson, just say hello to Alyssa, please. How you doing? I'm good, Mr. Wilson. Thank you so much for calling Morgan and Morgan. I'll go ahead and proceed for it with your consultation. Okay. All right. So I want to first gather some contact. Excuse me. I want to gather some basic contact information. What's a good call back phone number for you? Now for two, three, four, eight, team, join in. That's 904234182.0. Is that correct? Yes. Okay. And do you mind please provide a need? The legal spelling of your first and last name? Yeah. Japanese. J E F F E O Y. That's J F F S E R Y. Yes. Wilson W I L S O N. Yes, ma'am. What's your date of birth, Mr. Wilson? Thank you so much. Last September, eighth, 1957. Okay. And can you tell me the automobile accident? What day did it happen? Round two, the last year. It happened in 2022. Okay. So I do see here that you gave Morgan and Morgan a call back in 2019. That's it. That's it. That's that accident. Yeah. Okay. So I want to be sure. I'm going to be sure. Okay. You're calling us back to see if we can now take on the case. Yes. Okay. I can go ahead and do you another consultation. See if my attorneys can take a second. Look at the case. Can you please tell me I have the accident happened January 31, 2019. And it happened in Jacksonville. Florida, correct? Right. Okay. And I'm going to verify the details that my previous eight and already had down. You were hit from behind. The other person was in a rental car from hurt. The other person didn't have a shirt, but you do believe there's rental insurance. You were a passenger and your sister was a driver. Correct. Right. You got it. You got it. All righty. Now can you tell me this person or can you tell me also have you ever since the accident happened a paint and attorney or accepted any settlement offers for your injuries? Nothing. Nothing. Okay. What were the injuries that you sustained from the accident happening? Can you hear me? A little back. Yeah. Okay. Do you remember hitting your head, losing consciousness at any point in time? No. No. Okay. That's good to hear. Do you and your sister share the same insurance quality for car insurance? No. Okay. I'm going to get that animal money. So I can do that. Okay. Taking any type of medication at home? Yeah. I think I take pain for you from my knees. Blood pressure. Got you. Okay. I'm going to verify your contact information. Then I'm going to review the details with my team. Okay. You don't mean you can get any problem. I'm going to get it. What exactly? Not know about it. Okay. We're not really going to get any help. Okay. I'm going to give you a decision on the case in just about two to three minutes. I want to verify your contact information that we have on file for you. Can you tell me what is your legal marital status? Fangle. Margarita for you. No no it's not on Vini. Okay. 595 dobs. Jaxen bill four to three two two zero seven is that correct? Yes. All right let me Jane. I want a brief hold so I can review the details and my team. Okay. Okay. I'm John Morgan. Over 30 years ago Morgan and Morgan started with just two lawyers but our mission started years before that. When I was younger my brother Tim was paralyzed and my family ended up hiring the wrong lawyer and to add insult to injury they fought him very hard. We got to see first hand the consequences of having a life changing injury when you're poor and when you hire a terrible lawyer. Tim got really beat up and I became outraged and I decided then and there that I would only ever do this type of work and represent the people not the powerful. Morgan and Morgan is the largest personal injury firm in the world here to serve you wherever you are whatever you need. With an army of over 800 attorneys thousands of caring support staff unrivaled technology investigators and experts across the country we are everywhere for everyone. Morgan and Morgan is not only America's largest injury law firm but we're also very much a local law firm. With branch offices right here in your community wherever you are whatever you need whether you or someone you love was injured in a car crash the victim of medical malpractice had a child born with a devastating birth injury denied social security benefits had your home or business insurance claims denied fell in a public or private space or even injured on the job our attorneys are here for you millions of people just like you call us every year for you. We're here for help when they need it the most and we've recovered billions and billions and billions of dollars for our clients. We have the resources reach and reputation to take on the biggest bullies to get you the biggest results. Some people think our law firm only takes on the biggest cases with the most serious injuries. The truth is many of our cases involve car crashes slip and falls and work injuries but here's the thing. What makes us different is that we don't actually believe those cases are small even a low-speed crash or a slip and fall can cause serious injuries that last a lifetime and a lifetime is a long time. For over 30 years we've never backed out from going up against the biggest insurance companies and powerful corporations who sold harmful and dangerous products or medications to our clients and large institutions. Our trial ready lawyers have a track record of getting to work. Hello, Mr. Wilson. Yes. Thank you so much for holding and being extremely patient. So my team they did finish reviewing the details and we definitely appreciate you for giving us a call back. Now based off the information provided this matter it does still fall out of what Morgan and Morgan could assist with directly. We do so want to be a part of your solution and finding that attorney. Did you ever give the state bar a phone call? I don't know. I don't know what to do. All right. I'm going to provide you our reference. You're going to give them a call let the no Morgan and Morgan refer to you over. Do you have any paper nearby for the phone number? You're no one's talking. Okay. Let me know what you're ready. I'm still here with you. Can you hear me? Yes ma'am. All right. That phone number is going to be 8000 3.22. 1 0 3 4 2 3 8 0 1 1. 8000 3 4 2 8 0 1 1. That is correct. Okay. All right. Yes. Go ahead. Why y'all want to get the key? The attorneys. Thank you. They didn't provide me an exact reason on why they were unable to take the case. It could be based off the area. It could depend on the attorneys case load. So once we feel that we're not best suited to assist. We were always providing you a reference. Okay. Okay. I'm going. It's going to be the Florida State Bar. Okay. I got around. I got around a lot of you. Okay. I call and thank you. Thank you for calling Morgan and Morgan. I really do hope you feel better. And you're welcome. I'm going to give you a call. Thank you. Thank you for calling Morgan and Morgan. I really do hope you feel better. And you're welcome. Are you ready? What are you going to have? A wonderful day. Wait for me. Wait for me. What are you at? Was that happened. Acqu Speedcar in 2019. One second? I'm a verified ID. It was January once again. January 31st, in 2019. Welcome. Have a wonderful day, Miss Dulleson.