 Thank you for calling Morgan and Morgan. My name is Crystal on a recording line. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with today? I'm sorry, I can barely hear you. Can you hear me any better? A little better, yes. Okay, it was me for one moment. I'm going to go ahead and reset my phone. Don't hang up. Okay. Okay. Thank you. I'm John Morgan. Over 30 years ago, Morgan and Morgan started with just two lawyers, but our mission started years before that. When I was younger, my brother Tim was paralyzed and my family. Okay. Is this any better? Can you hear me? Yes, much better. Okay. Awesome. I do want to apologize. I'm on the tail end of someone. I have it. I have it. Could be my loss of voice. Here's your real apologize ahead of time. Can I get your name? My name is Catherine Patte. P-A-T-T-Y. It's the last name. Okay. And is Catherine spelled with a C-R-K? Okay. A-T-H-R-Y-N. Our Y-N. Okay. Thank you. Can I get your phone number, Miss Patte, in case we are disconnected? Can you get what my address? Your phone number. Is that what you want it? 2-A-0-0483. What is the zip code? Sorry. 742. Which do you want? The area code or the zip code? The area code of, sorry. I think it's 615. Okay. Can I get your data first? Please, Miss Patte? 913-44. Okay. Okay. And are you calling in regards to a case you have with us here at Worgon and Morgan? Or are you calling for a new consultation today? No. Are you calling for a new consultation? I'm curious about why. Am I calling for what? I'm so sorry. Go ahead. Tell me what you were going to say. I did not mean to interrupt you. So it's like there's a delay on my phone. Well, I can't understand why this is just now being questioned. I think it's been almost two years ago. Well, I'm asking because I'm not able to find you in our system with any case that you have. So either I have the wrong phone number or I'm misspelling something. And that's why I was trying to verify. Okay. Okay. So I have a phone number 615. Okay. Okay. So I have a phone number 615. Okay. So I have 528-0084-3. Yes. First name, Katherine. K-A-T-H-R-Y-N. Last name, Patty. P-A-T-T-Y. What if the birthday of September 13, 1944? Is that all correct? Yes, it is. Okay. Goodness. Did you have a case? Yes. I have a case with us because I'm unfortunately I'm just not finding you in our computer system. Well, you're not the first person. It's called an ask all these questions. You're probably about the third at least. Let's ask the same question. Okay. For Morgan and Morgan. No, this is the same phone number. Oh, goodness. Okay. Do you remember what type of case you had with us here? I don't know what it was. What it was called other than it was a slide accident. All I know. Okay. Okay. Miss Patty, do you mind if I please do want to click hold? I'm going to see if I can reach out to a supervisor and see if they're able to pull your account since I am not. Okay. Okay. Give me just a moment, please. Okay. I'm John Morgan. Over 30 years ago, Morgan and Morgan started. I was just two lawyers, but our mission started years before that. When I was younger, my brother Tim was paralyzed and my family ended up hiring the wrong lawyer. And to add insult to injury, they fought him very hard. We got to see firsthand the consequences of having a life changing injury when you're poor and when you hire a terrible lawyer. Tim got really beat up and I became outraged. And I decided then and there that I would only ever do this type of work and represent the people. Not the powerful. Morgan and Morgan is the largest personal injury firm in the world here to serve you wherever you are, whatever you need. With an army of over 800 attorneys, thousands of caring support staff, unrivaled technology, investigators, and experts across the country, we are everywhere for everyone. Morgan and Morgan is not only America's largest injury law firm, but we're also very much a local law firm with branch offices right here in your community. Wherever you are, whatever you need, whether you or someone you love was injured in a car crash, the victim of medical malpractice had a child born with a devastating birth injury, denied social security benefits, had your home or business insurance claims, denied, fell in a public or private space or even injured on the job. Our attorneys are here for you. Millions of people just like you call us every year for help when they need it the most. And we've recovered this. Millions and billions and billions of dollars for our clients. We have the resources, reach, and reputation to take on the biggest bullies to get you the biggest. Okay, Ms. Pattie, are you still with me? Yes. Okay. I'd like to try one more thing to see if I can locate you in our system somewhere. Could you give me your email address? I don't know that I have an email address. Okay. Shoot. Well, unfortunately, I'm not able to find you anywhere in our system. Are you sure that it's Morgan and Morgan that's been calling you? I don't know. Like I say, I've talked to somebody they are just called me a couple of times and asked for information and I've never had a problem with. They're not feeling like they got the information they need it. Okay. I don't know what else to tell you. I'm just trying to see. Yeah, I'm so sorry. I'm just trying to see if I can find you in any possible way. And I've tried everything that we would normally have on file. And I'm just not finding anywhere in here. I've even tried the phone number that came up on the phone when you called in, which is a different one. And that's not showing anything. Either. That's a different phone number. I have a 423-280-483. It came up when you called in. 280-483 is the number I have. Yeah, but it's a different area code of 423. The other one was identified both phone numbers. They are all numbers. Yes, we've had. We lived in Chattanooga before a day of send-we had for numbers. Okay. Well, Ms. Patty, I'm not sure how I can help you since I am unable to find you in our system. Were you involved in an accident that you needed assistance? Or were you calling about trying to figure out what we were calling you for? I'm just trying to figure out how to best. You didn't call me. Yes, I was in an accident. And I sat there forever until they finished whatever they were going to do. And my husband came along. And in his car. And I ended up in a car. But going to the hospital after he came. I don't know. I don't think the other person involved the accident in the other car went to the hospital. Okay. When was this accident? It was almost two years ago. It was in December. And it was over a year. It's been at least a year and a half. I see. Okay. So I do have an option that I can provide a new consultation for that accident. But I'm almost wondering if maybe you were speaking with another firm at some point. And that's maybe where we're not having you in our system. Maybe that could be part of the confusion. I'm not sure. Did you hire an attorney to help you with the accident? No. We haven't hired anybody. To do anything with it. Okay. I see. Okay. Well, I can do a new consultation if you'd like. It doesn't cost anything just a little bit of your time. What all does it involve? It's just a couple of questions that I'll ask for specifics about the accident. And then once I have a better understanding of your personal case, we'll see what we can do. We can help you. We can get you a seminar or anything like that for your injuries because you said you'd go to the hospital. Next, fine. I just can't understand why it wasn't done a long time ago and shouldn't be over with by now. Right. I'm so sorry. I'm trying everything I can in my system. And I just don't have you, unfortunately. Do what you need to do. That's all right. Okay. We can go ahead and do a new consultation to see if we can further assist you with this. Get set to questions in a moment of your time. Do you remember what I'm concerned about? You're not just... One day? No, I don't. Do you know if it was towards the beginning or the middle of December? Do you know if it was towards the beginning of December or the middle or towards the end? I would say the middle. Okay. And you said this was in 2021? 21 or 22. I guess 21. I'm not sure. Okay. Can you tell me... Yeah, I would think 21. Is this happened? Okay. Perfect. Is the city in the state? Yes, am. Well, the... Yes, I am. Yeah. The address I had was 10 new attendee. But I wasn't... I wasn't in Chattanooga when the accident happened. And I don't know what the name of this little town is. For our mailing address, we still use Chattanooga Tennessee. I'm not sure that's the name of this little town or not. Okay. Was the accident itself around Chattanooga? Oh, yes. It was at the... I guess at the Red Food Store, grocery store, it was right up the street from our house. Just a couple blocks away. I think it's called a Red Food Store. Oh, grocery store. Can you give me a little bit of an understanding of how the accident happened? Sure. I was at a traffic light. I was going to turn left and go into the parking lot of the grocery store. A lady coming the other way was in the other lane. It was going to turn right and go into the same parking lot. We both sat there forever. And finally, we both went at the same time. So she was fine. She got out of her car and walked around and talked to everybody. She seemed to be having a good time. And I was sitting in my car. I didn't get out of my car. I wasn't even sure I could get out of my car. I wasn't sure about my own condition. But I sat there and a policeman finally came and talked... She was already out of her car. So she went and talked to him. He never came over to my car and talked to me. But anyway, that's how I got started. And that's pretty much how it ended. I was still sitting in my car when my husband came by and saw that I was here. And we ended up going to the hospital in these three-edge, which is not too far from here. And that was pretty much what happened and how it happened. I don't think she was hurt at all because she got out of her car and walked around and went and talked to the police officer and everything. And I was like, is that a car or something where they take the wreck to be hickles? It wasn't too far away from here. But I did go with my husband to the hospital in these three-edge. Okay. Can you give me a brief understanding of your injuries? Well, my only injury that I knew of that seemed to be serious enough for them to do something about once to my right ankle. And they had to sew it up with pins. And screws. I had to put pins and screws in it. That stayed for, I'd say two or three weeks at least. I don't have a definite date on that. But I didn't stay in the hospital very long. And they got all sewed up at the day or two, I guess. And let me come home. And then I just had to consult with the doctor occasionally until they were able to take the wrapping and everything off of it. It encouraged me not to be odd on a lot and everything like that. But it was going to be all right and it has been since then. Okay. Well, that sounds incredibly painful. I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope into you. Was that ankle broken in the accident? No, it was not. I appreciate your concern. They just kept telling me to be careful. Not to be out on a lot. I could sit up and stand up. But I didn't need to be out walking around or playing baseball or doing anything else like that. I just need to be very careful. The doctors just kept telling me when I did have to go back and see him. He just kept encouraging me to stay off of it as much as I could. And stuff like that. I see. Okay. And you have since not had any problems with the ankle? Did you do physical therapy afterward? Are you taking that strength? I did not have physical therapy that I know of. But I didn't have any real problems that I had to seek a doctor for. You know, I was right here at home. I have... I daughter and two sons and my husband and his wife and plenty of care. But I didn't get out and do much. I tried to do much. But the doctor kept encouraging me to take it easy. Stay out because as much as you can. Stuff like that. I see. Okay. And my car was totally... I'm glad that you're feeling better. That's a plus. Thank you. I'm so sorry you said that your car was totaled. It's awful. It's almost like it's on injury, right? Do you know if the police officer that arrived? Do you know if he took a report or gave any one a ticket? I don't think he gave any money a ticket. I can't understand how we went when we did. She went ahead and went. I had sat there a long time. And so she would both sit in our cars for a long time without anyone of us moving. So it was surprising. The new one, she finally did move. I'm not saying it was her fault or my fault. I'm just saying it was unusual. But we both sat there so long and weighed it. I guess we were waiting to see what the other one was going to do. But... Okay. All right. So you don't know if they did a police report when that officer came out at all? Did you file a claim with your insurance? I don't have any idea if they did or don't. I just think they should always have to do one, but I don't know that for a fact. I was able to walk on it. I do know that. I did. I was able to walk on it. And I didn't have to use a cane or anything else. I was able to walk on it. I didn't walk on a bunch. I was very careful with it. But I was able to walk on it. Okay. All right. Now just a couple more questions. Are you currently or have you previously hadn't attorney with this accident? This is a requirement for me to ask. Earlier, you have... I have to ask again. No, I didn't. I would have done hadn't attorney at all. Okay. And then have you accepted any kind of settlement offer for your injuries to include an uninsured policy? I don't think we've done anything or been given any kind of a... You know what? Anything from the accident. Okay. And then are you still needing continuing care? I know you said that you feel you're pretty well healed up from having those screws and pins placed in. So are you still allowing up with that doctor? Yes. I don't have any problems with it right now. And haven't had. He cautioned me to be very careful. I don't have to be careful with everything. I don't have to go back to him or do anything else. Okay. All right. And then last question here. It's just who your insurance company would be. Okay. And he's done here right now to answer your question. Oh, that's okay. I just try to get as much information to get the clear picture possible for attorneys to make these decisions. So it just helps them. Whatever information we have so that I can help them. Now, Ms. Patti, I'm so sorry for how the beginning of this consultation went. I do a lot of apologize again for my voice. I'm so sorry if it's been a struggle to hear me. But I do appreciate your patience. Oh, you're fine. I've never thought of an inquire about an accident taking as long as this one I have. Well, I am John here, Ms. Patti. And unfortunately, I do have to let you know that Morgan and Morgan won't be able to further investigate your accident, unfortunately. I'm so sorry to have to be the one to relate a bad news today. What happens with it now? So I'll just say the information that we do have. You'll be put into our system. So if you do call again, this time we will have your phone number and birthday and the month file so that we won't have the problem that we had earlier today, but your information is private. And we only keep it within our system. It's never shared with any one else. I guess it depends on the claim to be settled. You're absolutely right. Unfortunately, that's something that I would be able to answer because just as you said, each case is very unique to itself. So we don't really have a timeline that we're able to give for any type of case. Anyway. I'm glad you're feeling better. Well, absolutely. I'm so sorry to hear that. It's okay. We'll do what we have to do. Absolutely. I do wish you the best of luck, Ms. Patti. Just to assure you your information that we've spoke about today is safe with us here at Morgan and Morgan. But I am glad that your angle is feeling better and that you're able to get back up and moving. That's great. Oh, yes. Thank you. Of course. Is there anything else I can help you with today, Ms. Patti? I don't know what it would be. I think we're going to move to the questions. Well, I do want to thank you again, not for giving us a call. I do hope that you can. If you need us in the future, you know that we are here. Now, of course, I hope that you don't need us in the future because that means unfortunately you're in another accident. But I do wish you the best of luck. It's Patti. Thank you. I appreciate that. Oh, of course. Thank you so much for your time today. And I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day. Thank you. You too. Thank you. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.