 Okay, was there... Okay, was there any more passengers with you? No Okay, you and your granddaughter was driving, okay Okay Alright Just a moment, Miss Blanton Yes, hello I have Miss Jenny Blanton on the line She is from Texas and she had a car accident back in September 2022 Her zip code is 75160 and her phone number is 972-563-0284 You may take over she's on the line Thank you Hi Miss Jenny, my name is Kada I'm gonna be asking you a couple questions to get you connected, okay? Do you know the exact date of this accident? I think it's on Friday, I don't know the date This past Friday or September? Yes Yes To which one, ma'am? And it's Kauffman County Kauffman County You need Blanton, BLA and to your way in, Jenny, J&N, and I eat BLA and to your way in, were you the driver, were you the passenger? I was passed under... Besides you and the driver, was there anybody else in the vehicle? No What did you say? Do you know if a police report was filed for the accident? Yes, yes, what? Okay, yes And what were their pain and injury? What were your pain and injuries? Do you have pain in your back? Your arm, your leg? Do you have a secondary number or email address? No What's your best residential address? 315, canvasson, AT&D, R, S, O, A That's street avenue Street And what's the city? Carol? Carol, Texas? Yes That's where the accident happened, Carol? Yes All right, give me one second, okay? I'll do it next week We'll do it returning, K.R.Via. Crazy. We believed 95 percent were, I checked it. We have no engagement nutrient, only well-lit governance, kasography, oil recruiters, food volunteers and an friendly type of information. Hello I should finish at 5 onann, I wouldn't sleep next week. People leave tests on easy cause I wasn't going to rock the night out during that time Hello How are you today? My name is Maniam, sorry to hear about this accident that happened to you. So tell me what exactly happened? Well we were turning right on the, I mean we were turning a lip on the highway on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, and if some bullets, I can say vibration, they ran into the back of the truck. Just to help up the load, we, we, we're on key. Okay and what's have a treatment that you received for this accident? More avenue. Yes, what's have a treatment that you received for the accident? I, I want to adopt a end date grant, test and everything on it. And I didn't have anything come out behind it. So I want to my doctor and still have been paying for my back and leaks. Okay but how many times did he see a doctor since last year? I couldn't, several times. Okay. Yeah and I've never had an attorney for this case. No, I have. Okay. And do you know what insurance company, the vehicle that impacted you guys has? No, I sure don't. Okay. Do you have a copy of the police report? Um, would you call me back and I have all the barriers for you? Okay. What time would you like us to be a call? About three. Because I have a doctor's point. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. We'll give you a call at three. Okay.