 Thanks for calling the law offices of Morgan and Morgan. My name is Amos. This calls a monitor for quality and training purposes. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with today? My name is Richard Sandberg. I work at CMP ERG. I'm Mr. Sandberg. How am I supposed to be a distance to you? Well, I'm just trying to figure out that I've got a, I had a phone call this morning from a gentleman I didn't get even the company he works for. So about this about an accident that happened three years ago involved in one of my vehicles and he said well the conversation Monday is true to you. I saw how much money you even talked and they couldn't give me an answer on that at all. So I don't know. Okay, well I'm Mr. Sandberg. That quick question I have for you. Have we provided you a consultation for this at all? No. Okay, well in that regard I'd be more than happy to do so. We can see if we can provide you some legal assistance in that regard. Consultation takes a few minutes, you know, 15, 20 minutes. Is that something you have time for right now? Yeah, but nobody was hurt. The other vehicle wasn't injured. Just my vehicle sustained some damage to it. And that's it. I don't remember the person's name. So I'm not, okay. I'm really not a good candidate for you because I don't remember. Here, I don't remember. I don't remember. I don't remember. I don't remember. Here's a question I have for you. So your property was damaged. There's no injuries involved on your part. So my question for you is, has the insurance companies tried to compensate you for your property loss? No, they did not. Did they make any kind of, did you make a claim and they denied you the claim? No, sir. I did not. I even do that. I just kind of brushed it off and let it go. I didn't want to get into a huge argument with people. And what have you? So the insurance company, it took care of the situation. And that was it. And I wasn't, you know, I wasn't pursuing any compensation. I didn't even know that even existed. Well, if you were in dispute with an insurance company, I didn't know. If the insurance company over the repair or replacement value of your property, then we would like to see if we can assist you with an insurance dispute case. But if you accept whatever they offer you and that's fine and done, then there's no need to get legal counsel. It's over. So, based on what you've telling me, I'm going to go ahead and close this out unless you have any other legal needs or questions. All right. Well, thanks for calling Morgan and Morgan, sir. And in the future, we are 24-7. Give us a call. We'll be more than happy to take a look for you. Okay. Very good. Thank you. Have a good day. Bye. You too. Bye.