 Thank you for calling Morgan and Morgan. This is Ryan. May I ask of the pleasure of speaking with? Hi, I have Mr. Brandon on the line. And his wife was involved in an auto accident by the name of Susanna. And they are looking for a legal representation. I'll let you take the call from here, okay? All right, sounds good. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you for calling Morgan and Morgan. Disaster again, this is Ryan. May I ask of the pleasure of speaking with? Yeah, can you a call or I don't know? Can yeah, thank you. Yeah, so what language. Yes. You're Spanish. All right, so let me put you on hold and I'll transfer you to that department. Okay, okay. I'm Jon Morgan. Hold. Morgan Morgan started with just two lawyers, but our mission started years before that. When I was younger, my brother Tim was paralyzed and my family ended up hiring the wrong. Thank you. Thank you for communicating with Morgan and Morgan. The most great election booth in the United States. This call could be recorded for the control of quality or capacity. Thank you for calling Morgan Morgan. My number is Carlos. Who do you think is the day? I'm Brandon. Much of us, sir, I mean, how can you wait for that day? Yes, yes, it's that they called me and I don't know where they studied me. And they were asking me questions from a student that was like a month or less than a month. Okay, I understand. Well, then first of all, I've talked a lot about how to listen to the situation, the thing that has to happen. Very probably if we already asked him about his case, I'm going to have a record in my system. If I allow him, I'm going to ask him about his contact information. This is in case the call is disconnected so that I can call again and find any existing record in my system. Or I could call the number of the phone that was previously given to us. This is my new student. I'm a student. I also have a demo for the student and I already have a lot of the agreement. I understand. How I mentioned it, I really appreciate to inform myself briefly that it is about his name to be able to cut this information, I will need the number of the phone that was previously given to us. I could give the number of the phone number, please. 659 837 9098. Okay, I confirm the number of the phone number is 659 837 9098. Correct? Correct. Okay. And the number of who is the student, the student, the student, the student, the student, the student. I would be the case in specific. Oh, Susanna? Okay. I could confirm by please by security reasons, the number and the legal order of the person who was given the case. Susanna Alejandro. Thank you very much. I could confirm by please the date of birth of her too. The April 27, 2005. Okay, thank you very much. What date has the Miss Susanna at this time? I have the information about the accident in my case. I am sorry, I am sorry. I am sure this is a case with which we are currently helping each other. The last call we had, allows us to give a moment. The last call I think was the day of May 24, 2023, but I did not get it. I do not know what the question is about at this time or how could I help you with the case? I think they are asking for a report from the accident. Okay, I understand. So if this is the case, what I need to do at this time is connect the cases with the case manager of the case, the Missing. I do not know before that you answer them, you have another question or something else with what I can assist you at this moment. Since that was not accepted. Like, that the investigation meal between individuals was not much, I can faithfully respond back and can give us information through the portal. I don't know if you have any information. Yes, we know where to send the information. Okay, so if that's the case, before we disconnect the day of today, would you know something more than I can help you at this moment? No, I'm not. So thank you so much for having called Morgan and Morgan. I wish you a lot of luck with your case and that you will be happy for your day. Thank you.