And you said it was four injuries, correct?
 Yes, sir. Got it. Okay. I'm going to go ahead and move forward with that
 information. Bear with me here. Okay. So, I'd do have an update for you
 here, sir. I want to go ahead and provide you with it. 
  I'm more going to buy your case based off of the
 information provided. This would not be a claim that a law firm be able to
 assist you with. This doesn't mean that you don't have a claim, sir. If
 you'd like a tan, provide you with the information for your local bar
 association. Would you like that information, sir? Well, I mean, I don't
 have no way right now. Right now. I can sit at you. Okay. Okay. Send it to
 me. I'll take this. And then, uh, okay. Oh, you know, I, can I ask this? I
 need to ask questions. Okay. You know, she called, I had my co-worker, I was
 trying to stop off. I am calling about, you know, not working. And you know,
 to come by and check it out. So I left it that I was just trying to talk
 about a thing that one time, you know, kind of, you know, situation to say
 yes. So really, okay, I just want to hear, you know, you know, did him with
 his life, so I could go eat and relax and everything. So I mean, I don't
 understand what you're saying, because I agreed, you know, they ain't
 nothing about it. Yeah. I understand. I'm really starting to hear about.
 That was that. Yeah, this. I really am. Here's what I would like to do. If
 you don't mind, I would like to place you on a brief hold here just to kind
 of educate myself on that situation a little bit more to see if there's
 anything else I could do. Before you, do you mind if I place you on that
 hold? Yes sir.Me and my cohort just came from
 the car practice. I was dropping him off. And his wife started fussing at
 him about something. And I don't know what. But then the phone rang. And
 could I come by and so forth and so forth. I was just agreeing, you know, I
 really wasn't paying a ticket to her. You know, I was just tired. And not
 really. My head was pounding. My arm was hurting from the accident. And I
 just didn't. I just want to remove it. Yes. Yes. Yes. I'm very, very, very
 interested in here. However, this is not something that we will be able to
 assist with. Can you tell me why the agent transferred you to my department?
 Did he say that you might have another case? I don't know. I don't know why.
 I don't know why. I really don't know. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm not, I'm
 just fine. I'm not, you know, that's going to take care of all that. You
 have a blessed evening. Thank you, Azul. Have a good day, sir. Be sure.
 Bye-bye. Bye-bye.